---
author: Random Author
date: 2019-11-16
title: Firefox declared the cutest web browser
image: firefox.jpg
---

An anonymous study has recently declared Firefox as the cutest web browser, and
that users should switch to it as soon as possible.

# Non-profit, free-range, ethical

Most web browsers are made by for-profit entities whose main business is to
sell users ads. Some even base their browsers on Google's Chromium code and
build an user interface. They don't realize that Google made Chrome to sell
users more ads.

Firefox is different. Not only is Firefox unwilling to mine users for their
information to sell them ads, Firefox is owned by a non-profit, and is
unwilling to base their browser on Chromium and its built-in tracking.

# Customizable

Firefox is customizable, inside out. If you thought Vivaldi (a Chrome clone)
had customization, you had never seen Firefox. Not only is Firefox's user
interface heavily customizable, it can be extedned via plugins. In fact, users
can even modify Firefox's source code in order to add custom functionality.

# Lightweight

Chromium-based browsers are known to use a lot of memory. This is from two
things: the inefficient process per tab architecture, and the tracking code
built into Chrome.

Firefox does not share the same inefficient architecture. This makes Firefox
faster and lighter on resource use.

# Cross-platform

Firefox works on many platforms including:

 * * Windows, Mac, and Linux
 * * iOS and Android
 * * BSD-based systems
 * * Solaris-based systems

Many of these platforms are unable to run Chromium. In fact, outside the
mainstream desktop/mobile systems, only FreeBSD and OpenBSD have Chromium.

Firefox's portability means users can enjoy a cute web browser no matter what
operating system they want (or have) to run, and had that privilege since the
early 2000s.

# Mascot

Firefox's mascot is a red panda. From popularity surveys, Red pandas are
considered the cutest animal, living or not. Therefore, the study concluded
Firefox is the cutest web browser.

In comparison, other web browsers use a generic icon (Chrome, Safari), letter
(Edge, Opera), or even an ferocious animal (Brave) which is neither safe nor
cute.

# Summary

While the full study is behind a non-disclosure agreement, a summary is allowed
to be published and the information is very promising for Firefox and browser
competition.
